personal speech that plays on youtube beauty
what is the game trick
I arrived here gta5 today I want to show
to you here I gave parachute jumping is
so come on, I'm watching this
Very well, it 's all this van here.
very beautiful there she brings a beacon, eh?
I already told you that there's an Easter egg there.
ago and I have not yet seen this
Mystery and I will not see it
there are in the list very well here is a
River
I think nothing of the mark brings
Beautiful is maybe bring a video here I
I can with a helicopter and close it goes
be cool and I'll see if he has cited the
easter egg but the smell next video
today that the parachute is not
I already left the location on the map then
come on
the fagots passing in the street we go there
I told you it's even more the videos of
There are plenty of things to show for 5
Even rolling in a trance
more than 25, it still has
other games to show you that
I already said in other videos my self
I like to bring several games, right?
Come on if I wanted I had one too.
Parachute pilot mission but I want to
I only do parachute jumping myself
I not want to do these missions around the
it's been a long time since the cow she brought a
fast
I spoke the atmosphere of the 10 5 is very
Good, perfect. I really like it.
35 of the saints ' climate here that if I
I 'm not mistaken and not here it's not cool
there is more ahead I think I go back to
road around gabeira on the sides
here are coming the kiss is to go there
search for a helicopter wanted to show
What for you, then you better go there.
seek the single cup and that copy is for
who already has I need to get on a
good altitude does not have as technician the
trevor né
but it is far gives ones that were
Little if I had a better car one
quicker by depriving your taste and
how gta san andreas
I'm in love with combined 20 pieces
intimate, cool, well colored art
call a mission well whatever one wants
food a guy washed up against
spoiler in the game the andes are Tuesday
few people who have not played yet
There always is but come on, it's a little
far not 100 meters is too far
not
but as I said, I'm going to bring video
from online and so on line
I'm waiting for someone to invite me to
play with me, you can not play alone
even a short make videos play on gt5
alone in online mode
so I'll wait for someone's body to come out
with them playing together or doing together
I'm also not playing much there and not
listened very low
I played only a few times the gay men who reed
they mm lowther friends that few times
with her
if you take that canopy it's a helicopter
darkness nothing spoiler just talking know
that the trevor helicopter is not
so come on, I have this
helicopter that will play here but is a
caught place the helicopter is to show
calls popular legal sight for those
that will mark the page was not really me
I'm going to fall exactly I started the video
I want to fall on top of that deal there
at the beginning of the video is normal even
forgotten
But as I said there, just watching the
video in english written ronaldo se
sign up, huh?
helps a lot of will not miss the
next videos né
I was using video and let him
Help me a lot too.
channel partners will have the
description right
Come on, then, here, pee, look for this.
search I prefer to be a musician henrique -
who 's playing because he's been listening
About the game ne
so I do not know anything about playing music
I 'm going to go up here a lot before I jump
I just have to confirm that I'm with
some gun the air but does not stop
I do not know that I will break for what
Our project I know that if I jump
so you can see that I think I'm going
I jump again because I do not know if
Top paraquedas to the airplane in the background but I
I'll skip that at that time.
the right here I'm with parachute thanks
To a popular god I'm going to try to jump there.
in that attack, the main blow to
remember the popular name for a walk
on this island island
if I remember correctly, I already brought the video
her my friend gerson remembering here
I brought it when I was with a plane.
those who have had a winch
I forgot the name, I forgot the name of everything.
practically coming back here it 's really cool
here maybe take a trip there to try
jump over it here but it will not
sure not so bad nor better than he jumps in
top
I'll try to find a way here to try.
jump and change this trophy us anything
see if farocki really easy is not difficult
it is not too much to remember that the parachute is
was to maneuver nothing to see but let's try
skipping that are there are the tourists are
Welcome is also easy.
I'll try to get a jet
ski it ending the video up because
otherwise it will be too short I do not like
very short it has to stay between the eight
ten minutes
I go, I go, I do not want to
make food not with them
the thesis has to go up on the jet ski to
start the race, but then I will not
I want to race, so I will try to hit
in them here to put this I already scared
This one now you see here in my jet ski the
pope under that the team very much
because I just think that the prayer that the solar
16 and 31, right?
're already getting night 95 I will give only
a return here to give a final party
not short video very small and also
of the time you know very well the
map né
the intention was to show the blog to kessy
have you seen it yet?
the conference like the video said
her or helps a lot but I think
You will leave here I hope I like
of the video the video leaves it is that the
moat sign up for was three
sometimes with a check but it's worth every
Before singing to leave here, I only saw one
I do not remember ever having something that does not
has nothing, does not even tell the daughter
good here
Let me see what's up here because
I did not see it
although this promotional video all
What is the subject for?
It's hard to bic up here.
So I just hope I enjoyed it.
August alive since I think it was
what if and until the next
video the line went up more